Add section about how to apply dark mode (#4944)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/design-tokens/using-design-tokens-in-code.mdx

}
```

### Dark mode

Building with [semantic design tokens](/design-tokens/overview#semantic-tokens) allows dark mode to be easily applied to an application. The dark mode CSS file is exported as part of the `hpe-design-tokens` package.

To apply dark mode to an application:

1. Import the [dark mode CSS file](#css-variables).

> 2. Apply `data-mode="dark"` to the root element of the application.

Reviewer: should we be more specific with where to add so `html` tag

> 2. Apply `data-mode="dark"` to the root element of the application.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Apply `data-mode="dark"` to the `html` tag of the application.
```
